Multi-Faith Prayers
Buddhism
				
					
				
		
	

    					

		
			
				Namo Tassa Bhagavato Arahato Samma Sambuddhassa
				Buddham Sharanam Gatchami
				Dhammam Sharanam Gatchami
				Sangham Sharanam Gatchami
			
		

		
			I seek refuge in the Buddha I seek refuge in Dharma (Righteousness) I seek refuge in Sangha (Holy order/Community)
        

		
			
				
			
		

    	&nbsp;

    



	
		
				Christianity
				
					
				
		
	

    					

		
			
				Our Father who Art in Heaven hallowed be Thy name
				Thy kingdom come Thy will be done on Earth as it is in Heaven
				Give us this day our daily bread and forgive us our trespasses
				As we forgive those who trespass against us
				(And) Lead us not into temptation
				But deliver us from evil
				For Thine is the Kingdom and the Power and the Glory forever and ever
				Amen
			
		

		
			
				
			
		

    	&nbsp;

    



	
		
				Hinduism
				
					
				 
		
	

    					

		
			
				Aum Bhoor Bhuvah Suvah
				Tat Savithur Varenyam
				Bhargo Devasya Dheemahi
				Dhiyo Yonah Prachodayaat
			
		

		
			Oh Mother, who subsists in all the three Kaalas (Time: Past, Present and Future), in all the three lokas (Lokas: Heaven, Earth and Lower Regions) and in all the three gunas (Gunas – Attributes: Sathwa, Rajas and Thamas).
			I pray to Thee, to illumine my intellect and dispel my ignorance just as the splendorous sunlight dispels all darkness.
			I pray to Thee to make my intellect serene and bright and enlightened.
        

		
			
				
			
		

    	&nbsp;

    





	
		
				Islam
				
					
				
		
	

    					

		
			
				Bismillah Ar-Rahman Ar-Raheem (3)
				La Ilaha illallah Allah Allah (3)
			
		

		
			In the name of God, the Most Beneficent, the Most Merciful. God is One and the Only One.
        

		
			
				
			
		

    	&nbsp;

    




	
		
				Judaism
				
					
				
		
	

    					

		
			
				Sch’ma Yisrael, Adonai Eloheinu, Adonai Echad Adonai Echad (2)
			
		

		
			Hear, O Israel: The Lord our God is one Lord
        

		
			
				
			
		

    	&nbsp;

    





	
		
				Sai Gayathri
				
					
				 
		
	

    					

		
			
				Aum Saayeeshvaraaya Vidhmahe
				Sathya Devaaya Dheemahi
				Thannassarvah Prachodayaath
			
		

		
			I know through Gurus and Shastras (and by direct experience) that Sai is God Himself: He is Bhagawan and Iswara.
			I meditate on this form in my heart with all my mental faculties. He is the embodiment of truth, divinity, universal consciousness and one who pervades all the worlds.
			I pray to such a Sai to direct our intellects to engage in auspicious and righteous activities.
			I meditate on this great form.
        

		
			
				
			
		

    	&nbsp;

    



	
		
				Zoroastrianism
				
					
				
		
	

    					

		
			
				Ashem Vohu Vahishtem Asti
				Ushta Asti Ushta Ahmai
				Hyat Ashai Vahishtai Ashem
			
		

		
			Righteousness is the best good (and it) is happiness. Happiness(is) to him, who is righteous, for the sake of the best righteousness.
        

		
			
				
			
		

    	&nbsp;
