God Will Make A Way
There are times when you feel you can’t go on
The sky turns black and the road is just too long
Lost and lonely, no help in sight
You do your best but you just can’t get it right.
 
Down so long and blinded by the pain
The well runs dry and there’s just no sign of rain
Bent and broken and wounded by your loss
Call out His Name and He will bear your cross. …..
(Don’t ya know) God will make a way (…in the darkest night)
God will make a way (…when you’ve lost your sight)
God will make a way (…so stand and fight)
God will make a way……
 
Mind held hostage by doubt and fear
The past still haunts you and the future is unclear
Break those chains that bind you to this earth
Trust the One who will free you through rebirth …..(Don’t ya know)
 
God will make a way (Oh yes he wil)
God will make a way (Don’t ya know that he will)
God will make a way (Oh yes He will)
 
If your heart is pure and true,
He’ll be there beside you
If your faith and love are strong,
you’ll sing that victory song
If you hold out till the end,
He’ll be your faithful Friend
If you take His mighty hand,
you’ll reach that Promised Land. ….
(Don’t ya know) God will make a way (…Oh, yes He will)
God will make a way (…When you’re all alone)
God will make a way (…He will lead you home)
God will make a way
 
Feel the peace (feel the peace) that is on the other side
Feel the truth, the truth you just can’t hide
Love alone will take you to that shore
The Lord Himself will open every door. …..
 
(Don’t ya know) God will make a way (…In the wind and rain)
God will make a way (...He will bear your pain)
God will make a way (...So praise His name)
God will make a way……
 
Make a way, yeah................God will make a way
Make a way, yeah................God will make a way
Make a way, God will make a way .......................
Make a way, God will make a way
Make a way, make a way...God will make a way
Make a way, make a way...God will make a way
Make a way......... Make a way.........
When you’re all alone, He will bring you home
When no one cares, He will hear you prayers
(Yes, He will), (2x)
Every tear you cry, He will be right there to dry your eyes
(Yes, He will) In your darkest hour....... in your darkest hour......
He will be your Power
(Yes, He will) (8x)
 
(Don’t ya know) God will make a way (When you can’t go on…)
God will make a way (He will make you strong…)
God will make a way (So hold on…)
God will make a…
God will make a…
God will make a……… way.
